README.md, before:

# SolitaireStation

This repository is so anyone can contribute to SolitaireStation v2

I am terrible with decals and disposals, so I needed a way to get other people to do it for me. If you wish to help contribute to this project, the 'Projects' tab will actively be maintained until the project as a whole is either completed or abandoned.

- If you need any help Contributing, or made a Pull Request, please ping or directly message me over Discord ( @John Willard#6211 )
- There's also good toolings linked in the pinned messages of #ask-contributors over in the Fulpstation discord at https://discord.com/invite/fulpstation

As of March 06 2022, Solitairestation has been removed from the Fulpstation repository. This is the only place Solitairestation can be found, though we have plans to re-add it once this project is complete.

## How to run

This is done with the assumption you are working on this through https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation

Once downloaded;
- Put the solitarestation folder in '/maps/map_files/'
- Put solitairestation.json in '/maps/'
- Put modular_pieces.dm file in 'fulp_modules\mapping\helpers\' - Make sure you also put it in tgstation.dme!
- Put solitairestation.toml file in 'fulp_modules\strings\modular_maps\'
- Put cargo_solitaire.dmm in 'fulp_modules\mapping\shuttles\cargo\'
- You may have to go in your config and add Solitairestation in your own rotation, before compiling

SolitaireStation as of March 06 2022, after merging https://github.com/JohnFulpWillard/solitairestation/pull/24 - If you are reading this in the future, I forgot to update it.
![solitaire](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53777086/156970443-5fa77533-59f1-4f5d-b30e-ddf6cbe08f98.png)

Commit message:

Adds all of Solitaire 2- last update

README.md, after:

# SolitaireStation

This repository was created for anyone to contribute to the revival of Solitairestation 2, now it is for the archival of it.

History: 
Solitairestation was created on July 22, 2021 by TheOnlySolitaire (https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/pull/290)
Solitairestation was officially added to the Fulpstation rotation on December 27, 2021 by Helianthus00
Solitairestation recieved its first overhaul- Science- on January 2 2021 by JohnFulpWillard (https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/pull/448)
Solitairestation recieved its first fixes on January 10 2021 by FernandoJ8 (https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/pull/463)
Solitairestation recieved its second overhaul- Brig and Permabrig- on January 23 2021 by JohnFulpWillard (https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/pull/468)
Solitairestation recieved its first large bug fix pack on January 24 2021 by SgtHunk (https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/pull/488)
Solitairestation recieved its third overhaul- Command, Virology, and AI sat- on February 6 2021 by JohnFulpWillard (https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/pull/498)
Solitairestation recieved its fourth overhaul- Arrivals- on February 17 2021 by JohnFulpWillard (https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/pull/530)
Solitairestation was removed from the Fulpstation rotation and codebase on March 6 2021 by JohnFulpWillard pending Solitairestation 2 (https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/pull/548)

Solitairestation 2's production started on March 1 2021 by JohnFulpWillard, OperativeLyn, OneAsianTortoise, Pepsilawn, and SmoSmoSmoSmok
Solitairestation 2's pull request (https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/pull/584) was posted on the Fulpstation repository on April 4 2021
Solitairestation 2 testmerges started on May 3 2021
Solitairestation 2 closed from auto-stale on June 1 2021, ending the testmerge

The last known commit this version of the map works on is https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/commit/f2106b80bd1aeade0b0a3e94a8393b40640524fe

## How to run:

Once downloaded;
- Put the solitarestation folder in '/maps/map_files/'
- Put solitairestation.json in '/maps/'
- Put modular_pieces.dm file in 'fulp_modules\mapping\helpers\' - Make sure you also put it in tgstation.dme!
- Put solitairestation.toml file in 'fulp_modules\strings\modular_maps\'
- Put shuttle .dmm files in /maps/map_files/shuttles'
- You may have to go in your config and add Solitairestation in your own rotation, before compiling
